In the last with your I explained how you would build and deploy your universal next application let's
now have a look at the single page application case for this all Switch team mode to SBA.
Now if I run NPM run build we'll get a different output.
We won't get these next folder which has some supporting files for our environment.
We'll get a brand new folder instead.
The new folder against disk folder.
Now for a single page application we only need to deploy this folder.
Now be aware that here you don't have any pre-rendered nothing gets rendered on the server.
Does this therefore not search engine optimized.
It's a normal single page application.
So this is to disk folder you would now simply deploy to a static host like AWOS as free firebase hosting
or get half pages only the content of this folder not the entire folder but the content.
So make sure to copy all these files and folders to your static host and non of the other folders here
really just the content of the disk folder.
That is what you ship to your static host.
Now if you want to see the application run as a single page application you can install an extra server
by running NPM install dashi age to the server.
This is a lightweight.
No it's server that you can run in any folder on your machine to spin up a node server serving that
folder.
Now I already got that installed so I don't need to execute the command.
Once you have it installed on Mac and Linux you might need to add a pseudo in front of it by the way.
Once you have it installed you can navigate into the disk folder with CD disks and then run HTP server
dash p. 80 82 for example.
Now this spins up a server on localhost 1882 that's visited now and we see no posts right.
If we go to block no posts if we go to the admin area let's try signing in
does actually works.
Our track data code here crashes because the SBA mode our customer service site middleware isn't deployed
obviously because there is no service site.
But here we also don't see the posts.
We can click Create post though and if we fill that out and I had save that all succeeds and here the
Post is now because it was at a store and we can also load it so this all works.
If I reload this page you'll see that also loading a single post works.
So this all works.
But if we go back to the Admin Page and reload we just don't see the posts and the same is the case
on our regular routes.
Now why is that in a single page.
Note because that single page mode we don't get the posts.
Remember we load them in our store from next server init.
Now as the name implies dis is not executed in a single page application mode.
Now this is something you have to keep in mind.
If your building your app for dad mode you can't use next server init Instead you will have to make
your requests.
Where are you load your posts inside of your components.
Use the created or the mounted future.
Chase gives you and make your HTP requests from there.
If you implement the code like this then you can successfully make them whenever discompose and loads
because as you could see for logging in and so on.
This did work know what happens if we directly try to load a post to test this I'll go back to my firebase
database just to pick the idea of one post maybe this one.
So that's the idea of one post.
Now I want to load it by going to slash posts and then that Id.
And now here I just get an empty page actually.
Now why is that now this empty screen is occurring because if you refreshed a page we send a new request
to the server and does HTP server which we ran doesn't know this route.
The routes are stored in the view rowdier in our client application which never gets a chance to run
if we refreshed the page and the several blocks that.
So what we need to do and what you need to do when you deploy a single page application you need to
ensure that you set your server up to always return the index.
H team El-Fadl which starts your single page map to always serve that file in case of service side for
all for errors.
That then allows you to take over the view router to parse the request and rerun the page accordingly.
This is important and does what you have to do.
So two important takeaways for a single page application mode in the store.
Don't use next's are really in it use created and mounted instead to load data for pages.
Still feel free to commit the data you load to the store but definitely don't use Nax are really in
it.
There is no next client in that alternative unfortunately.
Additionally make sure that your server is configured to all these returned the next H.T. mail file.
And with that you can deploy this as a single page application where you don't take advantage of the
server side pre rendering but you still take advantage of the easier and more fun development through
the pages folder and so on.